Enable and validate user ability to provide specific   landmark points for Nystroem kernel approximation. (#1)
hurricane642/scikit-learn: doc/modules/kernel_approximation.rst

By default :class:`Nystroem` uses the ``rbf`` kernel, but it can use any
kernel function or a precomputed kernel matrix.
The number of samples used - which is also the dimensionality of the features computed -

> is given by the parameter ``n_components``. In addition, it is possible to
> pre-select the best samples to approximate the matrix. They can be given as
> ``landmarks`` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is given by the parameter ``n_components``. In addition, one can provide an
pre-selected set of ``landmark`` samples to approximate the matrix. 
```

inherent randomness of the process, results may vary between different calls to
the ``fit`` function.

The ``fit`` function takes three arguments:
``n_components``, which is the target dimensionality of the feature transform,

> ``gamma``, the parameter of the RBF-kernel, and ``landmarks`` - list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``gamma``, the parameter of the RBF-kernel, and ``landmarks`` an optional list of
```

> pre-selected samples, which will be used for the approximation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre-selected samples, which will be used for the approximation.
When None, the landmark points will be chosen at random.
```
